# TESTIMONIALS - OBSERVATIONS

- I met a girl producing cards, saying that she connected to the energy flowing between the person choosing it and the eternal energy. 
She was a medium and was prointing her cards. 
Much to my surprise, I deeply got involved in her narrative, asking her questions about her preparing to read the energy of someone. 
She said, she was connecting to the Egyptian gods and asking for their protection before starting the session. 

- I met my friends and asked what their favourite card games were. She said Bezique and oh hell. 
My friend Laura hates board games, but nothing can take out of her a good old card session with her Canadian parents listening to classical music. 
It made me reflect, how card games span through centuries, but also through generations. Simple enad efficient. 

- I met people playing cards in bars. They were using beautiful, thin classical French cards. 
They were so comsumed that the printed drawings looked like they were about to fade away. 
Everything around was ould ans smelled like alcohol. 

-------------------------------------------------------

# RESEARCH ON SOUND

What sounds do we associate to suits, throughout centuries?
I have asked my HEAD colleagues to look at some images of suits and asked them to produce a sound. I realise that, while I associate specific sounds and frequencies to the material that an object is made of, someone might have a compeltely different outlook. 

- a heart. 
I think about heartbeat. They think about cute. 

- a cup. I think about sip, they think about metal. 
- a sward. i think about sliding sound, knife. they think about pain. 


--------------------------------------------------------

# CERN interactive science exhibition

Following a family: kid around 8, mum, dad 

- 2 people game 
    Papa explains 
Mama plays but in a kind way and has no understanding of the technology. She is more lost than the kid. 
Kid has no patience for rules or initialization of the interactive game. 
He is excited by winning 

- 1 person game 
    Kid plays, he is the one interacting with the digital equipment 
    Parents after a while go listen to a more classical video format explaining some interesting concepts, kid keeps playing. 

- Another family:
    Kid is excited to see himself on screen. A game for two or one doesn't make much difference as long as the others are able to see what is happening.


